---
title: Drama
layout: post
author: matt.francis
permalink: /drama/
source-id: 1eqV5e5chCUaYSuaXiLy_ZDNEli6UjC-5D0hadMvW7cA
published: true
---
*Mid Term - Christmas*
 
## My Initial Thoughts on Drama
 
Drama is this thing that we do every Wednesday. At first it seemed that it would be very fun and this was reinforced when we went into the Studio. 
 
# Week One
 
## What We Did
 
In the lesson we started with just walking around, getting our bodies warmed up. Then we had to move from one side of the room to the other, pretending we were a soldier on exercise. Mr Flower thought that we were being too happy, so he told us that we were in World War One. Now the area between us and the other side of the room was no-man's land. He also told us to be scared because only one out of 20 of us would survive. 
 
We then behaved in a very different way, instead of laughing we were concentrating, instead of jumping of stuff, we were staying low to avoid bullets, it was very realistic. 
 
After this, we had to reflect on what we had learned from this, we decided that we had to be the person, just like Stanislavski thought we should. 
 
Next, we concentrated around the front and Mr Flower taught us about the different methods that he used in his Moscow Art Theatre. He even set up his own school there. Then, we were given one of two scripts to rehearse in the space of 15 minutes. I was in a group with Alex Bates. He was Raleigh and I was Stanhope. We worked very well together.
 
After this we performed our short plays to the class.
